We only checked the source code working on macOS Mojave, MacBook pro. 
This source code was confirmed to be compiled by gFortran.
It requires the codes of "kind.f90", "sparse.f90", "sparse2.f" and "sparssub.f" by Misztal as well as the lapack library. 
All codes were put into the same directory, and inputting the below code on your terminal;

> gfortran -c kind.f90
> gfortran -c sparssub.f
> gfortran -c sparse2.f
> gfortran -c sparse.f90
> gfortran -c const_A_inv.f90
> gfortran -c gamma.f90
> gfortran -c random.f90
> gfortran -c main_ped.f90
> gfortran *.o -llapack -lblas


A data file consists that each line is each animal, and data should be split "space," "tab," "comma" into each column.

Pedigree file has to be written "Individual", "SIre", "Dam" in order.
The file also has to be ordered from the older generation to the younger. 

In the Genotype file, the first column is an individual ID that corresponds to the data file and the pedigree file.
The genotypes of each animal start from the second column to so on, which is written as 0 (Homozygosity), 1 (Heterozygosity), 2 (Another type of homozygosity).

The parameter file cannot be changed in order
1. data file name
2. pedigree file name, if the pedigree isn't used, please write "ped"
3. genotype file name, if the genotype isn't used, please write "geno" 
4. number of SNP, if the genotype isn't used, please write "10" 
4. column number of phenotype in the data
5. number of effect
6 to 6 + 2*(number of the effect)
6 + 2*(number of the effect)+1. iteration number

CATION!
The code generates and writes down all samples, including all effects, on the file! Please take care when you use a large number of the effect because the code needs a considerable amount of your storage (more than 10Gb). 

Successive two rows from the sixth column are written about effect type (fixed or random), etc. The program can handle nine effect type; fixed main effect, fixed covariate, random main effect (off-diagonal of variance matrix is 0), random additive effect with pedigree or genomic information, random genomic dominance effect, random genomic additive*additive effect with NOIA, random genomic additive*dominace effect with NOIA, random domince*dominance effect with NOIA. 

For example "fixed main effect," 

column position, "main", "fixed", estimation method (gibbs, HMC, RMHMC), where RMHMC is a Riemannian manifold HMC method.
the constant variance of the effect

example
    2 main fixed gibbs
    10000    ! , where the effect has 10000 variance 

"additive genetic effect from pedigree."
    column position, "ped", "random", method for estimating "effect" (gibbs, HMC, RMHMC)
    degree of belief, scale parameter, method for estimating "variance" (gibbs, HMC, RMHMC)

example
    2 add random gibbs
    0 0 HMC    ! DB, scale, method

"additive genomic effect" : effect type is "add"
"dominace genomic effect" : effect type is "dom"
"additive*additive genomic effect" : effect type is "add_add"
"additive*dominace genomic effect" : effect type is "add_dom"
